Support Nextcloud / WebDav (#48)
offen/docker-volume-backup: README.md

Backup Docker volumes locally or to any S3 compatible storage.

The [offen/docker-volume-backup](https://hub.docker.com/r/offen/docker-volume-backup) Docker image can be used as a lightweight (below 15MB) sidecar container to an existing Docker setup.

> It handles __recurring or one-off backups of Docker volumes__ to a __local directory__, __any S3 compatible storage__ or __any WebDav compatibel storage__ (or all), and __rotates away old backups__ if configured. It also supports __encrypting your backups using GPG__ and __sending notifications for failed backup runs__.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It handles __recurring or one-off backups of Docker volumes__ to a __local directory__, __any S3 or WebDAV compatible storage (or any combination) and __rotates away old backups__ if configured. It also supports __encrypting your backups using GPG__ and __sending notifications for failed backup runs__.
```

# AWS_ENDPOINT_INSECURE="true"

# In addition, you can also backup files to any WebDav server.
# The URL of the remote WebDav server

# WEBDAV_URL="https://webdav.example.com"

# The Directory to place the backups to on the WebDav server

>  # WEBDAV_DIRECTORY="/my/directory/"

Author: I have no preference.

>  # WEBDAV_DIRECTORY="/my/directory/"

Reviewer: Then let's maybe do `WEBDAV_PATH`

>  # WEBDAV_DIRECTORY="/my/directory/"

Author: Resolved with 26ca2d475cd38a184f13e4d8d2500515022aaabc

  data:
```

> ### Backing up to WebDav

Author: Corrected in 427222ab7503d41a22cff4b9dc262efef99fb839
